Feat: add documentation for What is Tequila API? (#598)
kiwicom/margarita: docs/tequila-api.md

sidebar_label: What is Tequila API?
---

> With the [Tequila](https://tequila.kiwi.com) platform, you can build your travel business application for free, with the [kiwi.com](https://www.kiwi.com)'s content, technology, and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [Tequila](https://tequila.kiwi.com) platform, you can build your travel business application for free, with [kiwi.com](https://www.kiwi.com)'s content, technology, and services. 
```

> With the [Tequila](https://tequila.kiwi.com) platform, you can build your o travel business application for free, with the [kiwi.com](https://www.kiwi.com)'s content, technology, and services.

Reviewer 2: `You can build your travel business application` without the o

Author: Thanks, will change

> All you need to start working with the **Tequila** API is you need to be registered and have your API key.

Reviewer 2: `with the Tequila API is to be registered`

Author: Thanks, will change

> Check the Guide: [Get your Tequila API key](guide-tequila-api-key.md) for information on how to grab your API Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the guide [Get your Tequila API key](guide-tequila-api-key.md) for information on how to grab your API Key.
```

To implement the basic search, you need the `/locations` and `/search` API calls.

> - **Locations API**: Search for cities, airports, stops, and other locations.([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/locations_api))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Locations API**: Search for cities, airports, stops, and other locations. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/locations_api))
```

> - **Locations API**: search for the cities, airports, stops, and other locations.([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/locations_api))

Reviewer 2: `search for cities, airports...`

Author: Thanks, will change

> - **Search API**: This API allows you to search for one-way or return type of itineraries.([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/search_api))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search API**: Search for one-way or return itineraries. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/search_api))
```

> - **Search API**: this API allows you search for one-way or return type of itineraries.([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/search_api))

Reviewer 2: `allows you to search`

Author: Thanks, will change

> - **Multicity API**: This API provides the multicity search. The multicity trip is a journey where the passenger travels from one city to another, stays there for a couple of days and then continues the journey to another city. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/multicity_api))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multicity API**: This API allows you to search multi-city itineraries. A _multi-city trip_ is a journey where the passenger travels from one city to another, stays there for a couple of days and then continues the journey to another city. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/multicity_api))
```

> - **Mutlicity API**: this API provides the multicity search. The multicity trip is a journey when the passenger travels from one city to another, stays there for a couple of days and then continues the journey to another city. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/multicity_api))

Reviewer 2: `a journey where the passenger...`

Author: I am not sure if this is better, so must ask for another opinion.
@RobinCsl what do you think?  `a journey where the passenger...` or `a journey when the passenger...`

Reviewer 2: @FilipMessa I think the correct way is `A journey where + something`

Author: OK, thanks I will change as you suggest

Reviewer 2: Perfect! I think it's all good, only one small thing, there's a typo in `Mutlicity API`, with that I think it's good to go 💃

> - **NOMAD API**: This search API is for those travelers, who would like to visit n-number of cities in any order. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/nomad_api))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **NOMAD API**: This search API is for those travellers who would like to visit n-number of cities in any order. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/nomad_api))
```

> - **NOMAD API**: this is search API is for those travelers, who would like to visit n-number of cities in any order. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/nomad_api))

Reviewer 2: `This search API is for those..`, `like to visit a n-number of cities`

Author: thanks

> For finish to booking itinerary, you will need to call the `/booking` API.

Reviewer 2: `In order to finish booking the itinerary, you need to...`

Author: thanks

> - **Booking API**: This API allows you to check if the price of the itinerary is still valid and if the itinerary is still available. It also saves the booking which initiates the booking process and confirms that the user payment was successfully. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/booking_api))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Booking API**: This API allows you to check if the price of the itinerary is still valid and if the itinerary is still available. It also saves the booking which initiates the booking process and confirms that the user payment was successful. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/booking_api))
```

> - **Booking API**: methods that allow a user to book the desired itinerary. With this API you will check if the price of is still valid and if the itinerary is still available for the booking. Save the booking which initiates the booking on our backend and confirms that the user payment was successfully. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/booking_api))

Reviewer 2: `This API allows you to check if the price of the itinerary is still valid and if the itinerary is still available`. `It also saves the booking which initiates the booking process...`, `the user payment was successful`

Author: thanks

> - **Webhooks API**: This API is a way of how we provide other applications with real-time information. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/webhooks))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Webhooks API**: This API is a way for <span>Kiwi</span>.com to provide other applications with real-time information. ([docs](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources/webhooks))
```
I find the documentation on Tequila very un-informative and it's difficult to understand what it's about.

- **VISA API**: with this API you can check if a passenger will need a VISA for a specific country.

> More information and documentation about **Tequila API** you can find on the Tequila [resources](https://tequila.kiwi.com/portal/resources) page.

Reviewer 2: `You can find more information and documentation about the Tequila API on the Tequila...`

Author: thanks
